{% raw %} <li><a href="valueset-be-allergyintolerancecode.html">BeAllergyIntoleranceCode</a> Codes as communicated by NIHDI and the FOD Terminology Center differentiating types of allergy intolerance codes. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="valueset-be-causativeagent.html">BeCausativeAgent</a> Codes as communicated by NIHDI differentiating types of causative agent. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="valueset-be-civilstate.html">BeCivilstate</a> Codes supported by eHealth Platform differentiating types of civil state. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort. Whenever possible add a code from http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/v3-MaritalStatus for international interoperability but also use https://www.ehealth.fgov.be/standards/fhir/CodeSystem/CD-CIVILSTATE for the Belgian specific code.</li>
 <li><a href="valueset-be-contactperson.html">BeContactPerson</a> Maximum valuest to define category of a contact person, using the HL7 values and the Belgian CD-CONTACT-PERSON values.</li>
 <li><a href="valueset-be-exposureroute.html">BeExposureRoute</a> Codes to illustrate differentiating types of exposure route. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="valueset-be-noallergy.html">BeNoAllergy</a> Codes as communicated by the FOD Terminology Center differentiating types of no allergies. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="valueset-be-riskmanifestation.html">BeRiskManifestation</a> Codes as communicated by NIHDI differentiating types of risk manifestation. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
{% endraw %}