{% raw %} <tr><td><a href="be-allergyintolerance.html">BeAllergyIntolerance</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for an allergy and/or an intolerance. Initially based on the functional description of the NIHDI.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="be-observation.html">BeObservation</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for an observation. Initially based on the functional description of the NIHDI.
As Observation is used in many instances in FHIR, please refer to the HL7 specs of the base resource for guidance around expression of actual values using UCUM, methods, location on body etc.</p>
<p>Special remarks for KMEHR users:
The FHIR Observation resource captures many things that are in a KMEHR message structured as an 'item'. This includes things like 'vital signs such as body weight, blood pressure, and temperature […], personal characteristics such as eye-color […] social history like tobacco use, family support, or cognitive status […]' ( https://www.hl7.org/fhir/R4/observation.html )
For some of these things, HL7 already has worked out profiles and they SHALL be used when such a use case is needed. Specifically, projects SHALL take note of the existing profiles described on https://www.hl7.org/fhir/R4/observation-vitalsigns.html</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="be-organization.html">BeOrganization</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for an organization. Initially based on the functional description of the NIHDI.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="be-patient.html">BePatient</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for a patient. Initially based on the functional description of the NIHDI. Special remarks for KMEHR users: following elements in KMEHR are not available in this FHIR resource. If needed, an extension can be defined in a future iteration of these specifications: the 'deathlocation' (location is not available but the death of the patient is expressed by either date or Boolean cfr. infra.), the 'insurancystatus' (covered in a seperate FHIR resource: Coverage), 'insurancymembership' (covered in a seperate FHIR resource: Coverage) and 'profession' (covered in a possible future FHIR resource: OccupationalData.)</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="be-practitioner.html">BePractitioner</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for a practitioner. Initially based on the functional description of the NIHDI.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="be-practitionerrole.html">BePractitionerRole</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for a practitioner role. Initially based on the functional description of the NIHDI.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
 <tr><td><a href="be-provenance.html">BeProvenance</a> </td><td><p>Belgian federal profile for a provenance. Note this profile does not introduce any changes from the base profile but has been created to mark its importance, specifically when FHIR is used in a non-document approach.</p>
<p>General use case remarks:
'Provenance of a resource is a record that describes entities and processes involved in producing and delivering or otherwise influencing that resource.' (cfr. the HL7 base specifications)
According to the FHIR specifications, the provenance resource SHALL only be provided when no other resource already plays this role: for a Patient it SHOULD be its managing organization, provenance of an Observation SHOULD be its performer, provenance of an AllergyIntolerance SHOULD be its recorder.
'Many other FHIR resources contain some elements that represent information about how the resource was obtained, and therefore they overlap with the functionality of the Provenance.'</p>
<p>Special remarks for KMEHR users:
The FHIR Provenance resource in general refers to an entity that had something to do with the creation or updating of something else. In a KMEHR context, this is somewhat different – as it is ‘XML document’ based, each KMEHR message has an 'author' element that is responsible.</p>
</td><td></td></tr>
{% endraw %}