{% raw %}<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><h2>BeCivilstate</h2><div><p>Codes supported by eHealth Platform differentiating types of civil state. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort. Whenever possible add a code from http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/v3-MaritalStatus for international interoperability but also use https://www.ehealth.fgov.be/standards/fhir/CodeSystem/CD-CIVILSTATE for the Belgian specific code.</p>
</div><p>This value set includes codes from the following code systems:</p><ul><li>Include these codes as defined in <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/MaritalStatus/cs.html"><code>http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/v3-MaritalStatus</code></a><table class="none"><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><b>Code</b></td><td><b>Display</b></td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/MaritalStatus/cs.html#v3-MaritalStatus-A">A</a></td><td>Annulled</td><td>Marriage contract has been declared null and to not have existed</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/MaritalStatus/cs.html#v3-MaritalStatus-D">D</a></td><td>Divorced</td><td>Marriage contract has been declared dissolved and inactive</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/MaritalStatus/cs.html#v3-MaritalStatus-M">M</a></td><td>Married</td><td>A current marriage contract is active</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/MaritalStatus/cs.html#v3-MaritalStatus-U">U</a></td><td>unmarried</td><td>Currently not in a marriage contract.</td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/MaritalStatus/cs.html#v3-MaritalStatus-W">W</a></td><td>Widowed</td><td>The spouse has died</td></tr></table></li><li>Include these codes as defined in <a href="cd-civilstate.html"><code>https://www.ehealth.fgov.be/standards/fhir/CodeSystem/cd-civilstate</code></a><table class="none"><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><b>Code</b></td><td><b>Display</b></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-10">10</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-26">26</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-40">40</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-41">41</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-50">50</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-51">51</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-60">60</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-80">80</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td><a href="cd-civilstate.html#cd-civilstate-81">81</a></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table></li><li>Include these codes as defined in <a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/NullFlavor/cs.html"><code>http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/v3-NullFlavor</code></a><table class="none"><tr><td style="white-space:nowrap"><b>Code</b></td><td><b>Display</b></td></tr><tr><td><a href="http://hl7.org/fhir/R4/v3/NullFlavor/cs.html#v3-NullFlavor-UNK">UNK</a></td><td>unknown</td><td>Description:A proper value is applicable, but not known.<br/>
                        
                           Usage Notes: This means the actual value is not known.  If the only thing that is unknown is how to properly express the value in the necessary constraints (value set, datatype, etc.), then the OTH or UNC flavor should be used.  No properties should be included for a datatype with this property unless:<br/>
                        
                           Those properties themselves directly translate to a semantic of "unknown".  (E.g. a local code sent as a translation that conveys 'unknown')
                           Those properties further qualify the nature of what is unknown.  (E.g. specifying a use code of "H" and a URL prefix of "tel:" to convey that it is the home phone number that is unknown.)</td></tr></table></li></ul><p><b>Additional Language Displays</b></p><table class="codes"><tr><td><b>Code</b></td><td><b>English (English, en)</b></td><td><b>French (Belgium) (fr)</b></td><td><b>Nederlands (België) (Dutch (Belgium), nl)</b></td></tr><tr><td>A</td><td>Annuled</td><td>Annulation de marriage</td><td>Nietigverklaring van huwelijk</td></tr><tr><td>D</td><td>Divorced</td><td>Divorced</td><td>Echtgescheiden</td></tr><tr><td>M</td><td>Married</td><td>Marié</td><td>Gehuwd</td></tr><tr><td>U</td><td>Unmarried</td><td>Célibataire</td><td>Ongehuwd</td></tr><tr><td>W</td><td>Widowed</td><td>Veuf/veuve</td><td>Weduwnaar/weduwe</td></tr><tr><td>10</td><td>Unmarried</td><td>Célibataire</td><td>Ongehuwd</td></tr><tr><td>26</td><td>Putative marriage</td><td>Mariage putatif</td><td>Putatief huwelijk</td></tr><tr><td>40</td><td>Divorced</td><td>Divorced</td><td>Echtgescheiden</td></tr><tr><td>41</td><td>Divorced since 1/10/1994</td><td>Divorcé à partir du 1/10/1994</td><td>Echtgescheiden vanaf 1/10/1994</td></tr><tr><td>50</td><td>Legal separation</td><td>Séparé de corps et de biens</td><td>Gescheiden van tafel en bed</td></tr><tr><td>51</td><td>Legal separation since 1/10/1994</td><td>Séparé de corps et de biens à partir du 1/10/1994</td><td>Gescheiden van tafel en bed sinds 1/10/1994</td></tr><tr><td>60</td><td>Repudiation</td><td>Répudiation</td><td>Verstoting</td></tr><tr><td>80</td><td>Partnership</td><td>Partenariat</td><td>Partnerschap</td></tr><tr><td>81</td><td>End of partnership</td><td>Fin de partenariat</td><td>Partnerschap beeindigd</td></tr><tr><td>UNK</td><td>Unknown</td><td>Indéterminé</td><td>Onbepaald</td></tr></table></div>{% endraw %}